# CombineFiles - Let ChatGpt code for you!

Experiment with coding with chatgpt 4

The solution is build by chatgpt4, where I just told it roughly what to do. These are my commands

* Plz write a c# program with a GUI. The gui should show a tree with all the files, in a directory. I should be able to multi-select files, and when I press a button, the selected files are combine into a single files.

* The openfile dialog requires me to select an existing file. I want to create a new file in the selected directory by default

* If a directory is checked (unchecked) in the treeview, then all files in the directory and its subdirectories be checked (unchecked)

* The treeViewFiles_AfterCheck function is not called

* Only show .cs files and directories in the treeview

* Also ignore directories where there is no .cs file to be found in that directory or any subdirectory

* Also ignore files where the first line contains `"// <autogenerated />"`

* change IsNotAutoGenerated to check the first 5 lines

* Change IsNotAutoGenerated to search for contains "auto generated" or "autogenerated"

* Add a second button, which can only be pressed once button1 has been clicked, and uses the last selected outlocation for the combined file.

* Before each file part in the combined file, we want to have a comment showing the complete path for the file

* Why did you add && node.Tag is string filePath to the new function?

* Propose how this windows form code can be made testable. Currectly TreeNode is a form object

* Can you write the code that maps System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode to FileSystemNode 

* Can you create some xunit tests for CombineSelectedFilesRecursive that verifies that the correct number of files are included in the result

* Almost there, but public static void CombineSelectedFilesRecursive(FileSystemNode node, FileStream output, IFileSystem fileSystem) takes a filestream, and in the test, you send a memorystream

